aSAP There alex alexander john JOhn. upon Once upon a time, In a farawey land called "FairyTale Ville," lived a King named king Arthur. He was the ruller of the the kingdom and was loved by all of his sujects. The king had a daugter, princess Elizbeth, who was the most beutiful girl in the whole wide world. She had golen locks of hair and eyes as blue as the shy. Princes Elizbeth was adored by the people of the kingdom, and many suiters from diffrent lands came to win her hand in marrage. One day, a prince from the land of "Magicaland," named pricne John, arrived in FairyTale Ville. He was a tall and hansome man, with a shinning armor and a sword as sherp as an eagles claw. Pricne John heard of the beuty of princess Elizbeth and was determind to win her heart. He rode his horse, named "Destny," towards the king's castle with high expectatons. As pricne John entered the castle, he was greated by the king and the princess. The king was impresed by the prince's apperance and said, "Welcome, Pricne John! I am king Athur, and this is my daugter, Princes Elizbeth." Pricne John bowed and replied, "Thank you, King Athur. I am hounred to be in your presense." The princess smiled at the prince and said, "It's a pleashure to meet you, Pricne John." Pricne John spent many days in FairyTale Ville, getting to know princess Elizbeth better. They went for long walks in the royal gardern and had romantik dinners in the moonlight. The prince was falling in love with the princess and wanted to ask for her hand in marrage. He bought a ring with a sparkly diamon and prepared a speical surprize for her. On a sunny day, Pricne John took princess Elizbeth to a beutiful meadow near the castle. He got down on one knee and said, "Princes Elizbeth, you are the love of my life. Will you merry me and be my quen?" The princess was overwlemed with emoshion and exlaimed, "Yes, Pricne John! I will mary you and be your queen!" They embraced each other and shared a long and passhionate kiss. The news of their engagment spread like wildfier in the kingdom. The people of FairyTale Ville were thrilled to have a wedding celibration, and preparations began immeditely. The king ordered the finest decorations and food for the grand occassion. The whole kingdom was buzzin with exictment. Finally, the day of the royal wedding arrived. Princes Elizbeth walked down the aisle, wearing a beutiful white gown, and Pricne John stood at the altar, waiting for his bride. The king officiated the cermony and said, "I now pronownce you hushband and wife. You may kiss the bride!" Pricne John leaned in and gave princess Elizbeth a loving kiss, sealing their love for eternity. And so, Pricne John and princess Elizbeth lived happily ever after, ruling the kingdom of FairyTale Ville with love and kindnes. Their story became a legend, and their names would be remembered for genrations to come.
This is a new line with no errors.


this is 3 lines later, making a total of 5 lines.